In this video we learn about glasses and constructors in C++.
So I'm going to discuss the concept that are useful in the course I'm using just glasses in the constructor.
Not all the features of object orientation.
So I would be discussing everything about roots see here.
I'm going to transform C language code to C++ code.
So we have already seen this in the previous week of this example.
So if you have not seen that video I'd suggest you to watch that video.
This is the best of style of coding in C language.
I have explained in the previous video No I'm going to transform this into C++ code that is using class
and also including constructor.
So let me show you how to do this before dark.
Quickly I will go through this example once again and then I will transform it.
See here.
I have a structure called a rectangle.
This is having Lenton trapped inside the main function I'm creating or deleting a variable of type rectangle.
And then inside the main function if you'll see there is no processing in war.
There are no operations just function calls all day.
So the function call is for initializing a rectangle and finding the area of a rectangle and changing
its length.
And all these functions and passing rectangles about I mean like initialize function is setting the
length and breadth so it is sticking by different item and taking land and that area is taking a rectangle
change land is sticking a rectangle by address again and it is changing lent by taking new land.
So these are the function.
So if you see those functions these functions are defined here and all these functions are related to
correct.
Now this is the best style of coding in C language.
So this I have adopted in my course then I have also shown that the places Holder transform this into
C++ so that's style I'm discussing don't let us convert it to C++ code so watch it very carefully.
See this is a structure I will call it as a class.
Class rectangle
structure is converted to a class.
Then this function Initialize ADR change limp.
All these functions are made to form that structure only a list or the structure of the meant for that
structure only if that structure is not there.
There is no use of dysfunction see the sticking rectangle it's stigmatized and it's sticking there.
So now the question is why that old site include them inside the class.
So my class ends here.
So the class starts from here and ends here.
So now the class contains Biederman books as well as functions.
So these functions have been given part of the class not C I'm modifying it I'm discussing and modifying
it.
What you're trying to get from me.
The style is different here.
Next.
This is a member of a colossally.
Why does it have to be this rectangular as an argument.
I remove this then just take left.
I'm Brett too bad.
I make less then this also.
I remove this one.
It's a part of a standalone.
Just write nothing because it doesn't have to take anything rectangle.
It's got to be accessible Levitan pathetically accessible.
Then challenge of this also became a part of it.
No need of taking this rectangle has a bottom and only lent is required.
So just declare lent as an argument.
So I have made one change now.
Few more changes.
Again I do it for all the functions.
See this land and the bird are identically accessible so no need off this variable limb.
Just learn to sign them at the side B.
Now here left them both identically accessible and only enough are here because I have removed the bottom
to remove the bottom.
There are no heroes so no need of I have removed the barometer.
It doesn't get ugly as a single lint that's it.
So this is initialize function or ADR function and change in function.
This has became a C++ class.
What we do inside our classes.
When you have the data members we declared a state of invert size private.
We declare that mass private.
And we make these functions as public because who are accessing these numbers.
So many functions are there.
Why do you need that data to be public.
So let us hide it.
Everything should be accessible using these functions.
So now of this has become a class.
Now how it will affect inside the main function.
I will show that one.
Then again I will come back inside the main function I have created a variable of type rectangle structure.
So now I will change it and I will simply say rectangle.
OK.
Now we call this as a object and stuff a variable we call it as an object.
That how because these functions these functions are present inside the rectangle only.
So for calling these functions in stock passing the parameter I should say on a dot initialize then
Boston Common 5.
I remove this one then called the size on a dot area.
Remove this one.
Then God decides on a dark change lint.
Remove this one and just pass.
Lindy.
Now you can see that earlier initialize function was taking a rectangle as part of my door now initialize
function itself as a part of rectangle so this is an object and these are the functions member functions
of that object.
So once you create a rectangle one of the things you get you get lent and Brett These are the good I'm
in but Len and Brett These are the data members along the dog.
We also get the functions like initialize an area and change and we get these functions also.
These other member functions.
So let them but are they done in words.
And these are the functions you can call all of them by using dot operator.
So this is the transformation from C language to C++.
Now one more time if you see this initialize function.
This is initializing a rectangle.
We need this function because the data on members has became private.
We cannot directly set the lantern but now they do use initialization mostly C usual leave and would
be cleared or create an object or declared a variable that they will leave it for initializing.
So declaration and initialization if you remember a normal variable if you are declaring integer Knight
variable then this the declaration as the last initial edition.
So if you prefer the rectangle is also initialized at that time only so you stop passing it then come
5 later on we want to Boston Common 5 here really we don't want this function we want Doric initialization
at the time of declaration on me how is this possible for that I should have a function for initialization
but we want it to be called automatically at the time of creation of an object.
So yes same initialize function I will change the name I will call you guys rectangle.
What does this this is say mask last name and no need off wipe out anything just right.
Class name.
This is having seen the address class name.
So this becomes a constructor yes.
This is a construct.
This will be automatic because the card whenever we are creating an object it does the job of initializing
an object.
It stops calling that function as initialize.
We are calling this constructor and we are giving the same name as class name search to initialize it
a function.
So constructor that we say so function which creates the object and initialized object we see like this.
So that's what is having the same name as class name.
Now let us look at the class once again rectangle class is having private members and the public member
function as a constructor which is initializing the members an idea function which returns lent and
built by calculating it and changing it.
Now these functions are being called here.
So let us see the king know once you create an object of rectangle by passing 10 5 then object is created
like this and automatically this function is gone.
This will take 10 and this will take 5 so it will assign 10 and 5 so 10 and five were assigned.
Then make some calling idea function.
So this idea function will be called upon this rectangle by multiplying Linden bread.
It will return.
So I'm not using that value then change and so on this rectangle only because this is what this function
is called which will modify left and subsidize new land.
So I'm sitting pretty.
So this will become trendy.
So this style I have adopted for converting C language code to C++ code in my course.
In the next video you can see I was right on the same class once again just like a C++ program.
Right.
Fresh from the beginning.